Clientcfg bootstrap repo #12786 keichwa (#637)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/tshoot-clients.adoc

====

> == Bootstrap Repository for End-of-Life Product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Bootstrap Repository for End-of-Life Products
```

> Bootstrap repositories of supported products are automatically created and regenerated on the {productname} Server for every synchronized product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When supported products are synchronized, bootstrap repositories are automatically created and regenerated on the {productname} Server.
```

> But if a product passes end-of-life and is unsupported, you must create a bootstrap repository for such a product manually in case you need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a product reaches end-of-life and becomes unsupported, bootstrap repositories must be created manually if you want to continue using the product.
```

For more information about bootstrap repositories, see xref:client-configuration:bootstrap-repository.adoc[].

.Procedure: Creating Bootstrap Repositories for End-Of-Life Products

> . At the command prompt on the {productname} Server, as root, list the available, but unsupported bootstrap repositories with the [option]``--force`` option, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. At the command prompt on the {productname} Server, as root, list the available unsupported bootstrap repositories with the [option]``--force`` option, for example:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+
----
mgr-create-bootstrap-repo --list --force
1. SLE-11-SP4-x86_64
2. SLE-12-SP2-x86_64
3. SLE-12-SP3-x86_64
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

. Create the bootstrap repository, using the appropriate repository name as the product label:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

+
----
mgr-create-bootstrap-repo --create SLE-12-SP2-x86_64 --force
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
